Adding language preferences to the console (#512)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: designs/administrator/4.7/Launguage preferences/index.md

---
parent: Administrator
version: 4.7
---

# Adding language preferences to the OpenShift Console

> In OpenShift 4.7, we introduced support for two new languages - Simplified Chinese and Japanese - with more to come in the future. As apart of this effort we added the ability to configure and manage language preferences in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenShift 4.7, we introduced support for two new languages - Simplified Chinese and Japanese - with more to come in the future. As a part of this effort, we added the ability to configure and manage language preferences in the console.
```
```suggestion
In OpenShift 4.7, we introduced support for two new languages - Simplified Chinese and Japanese - with more to come in the future. As apart of this effort we added the ability to configure and manage language preferences in the console.
```
